Adding NODE_CMD option as env variable for specifying run command. (#359)
sclorg/s2i-nodejs-container: 18/README.md

**`NPM_RUN`**  
       Select an alternate / custom runtime mode, defined in your `package.json` file's [`scripts`](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scripts) section (default: npm run "start"). These user-defined run-scripts are unavailable while `DEV_MODE` is in use.

> **`NODE_CMD`**  

Reviewer: This does not sound quite right now as it's only true if INIT_WRAPPER is set to true right?

#### Note:
`oc rsync` is only available in versions 3.1+ of OpenShift.

## init-wrapper

> init-wrapper script is located on `/usr/libexec/s2i/init-wrapper` and is used for preventing below circumstances:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
init-wrapper script is located on `/usr/libexec/s2i/init-wrapper` and is used to handle:
```

- Proper signal handling and propagation, as Node.js was not designed to run as PID 1.
- Reaping zombie child processes

> - Avoiding use of npm, more information on [reference architecture](https://github.com/nodeshift/nodejs-reference-architecture/blob/e4c4dc1fd20c2cac392e862859aaad27f85d504f/docs/development/building-good-containers.md#avoiding-using-npm-to-start-application)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoiding use of npm, there is more information on why you want to avoid that in the [Node.js reference architecture](https://github.com/nodeshift/nodejs-reference-architecture/blob/e4c4dc1fd20c2cac392e862859aaad27f85d504f/docs/development/building-good-containers.md#avoiding-using-npm-to-start-application)
```

> A detailed explanation on how the init-wrapper script works is avalable on [this url](http://veithen.io/2014/11/16/sigterm-propagation.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A detailed explanation on how the init-wrapper script works is avalable in
[this url](http://veithen.io/2014/11/16/sigterm-propagation.html).
```
